DOC-2129-support `gsql -t/--token <token>` login [4.1.0] (#224)
tigergraph/gsql-docs: modules/basics/pages/system-and-language-basics.adoc

:pp: {plus}{plus}
:page-aliases: ddl-and-loading:system-and-language-basics.adoc

This page describes the basic elements that make up the GSQL Data Definition and Loading as well as the GSQL Query Language. 

> It also provides instructions on how to run GSQL commands through the GSQL shell, including the new token-based authentication functionality added in version 4.1.0.

Reviewer: 4.1.0 --> 4.1.
There aren't supposed to be new features in maintenance versions, so the 3rd number shouldn't be relevant.

> Starting with version 4.1.0, users now have the option to authenticate using tokens, which can either be plain-text or JWT, offering a more secure and streamlined method for logging into the GSQL shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tokens can be either plain-text or JWT, offering a more secure authentication method than passwords.
```
It's a little redundant to mention "new in 4.1.0" in two sentences. The 2nd sentence can focus just on giving more detail about tokens.

`GSQL> EXIT`  or `GSQL> QUIT`

> === New token-based authentication method

Reviewer: Never saw "New" (unless it's the Release Notes, which is an explicitly version-specific document).

> Starting with version *4.1.0*, GSQL now supports token-based authentication, allowing users to log into the GSQL shell using a token instead of a traditional username and password.

Reviewer: Change to 4.1, not 4.1.0, everywhere.

*How to login using a token*

> To log into the GSQL shell using a token, you can use the `-t` or `--token` option, followed by the token value. The token can either be a plain-text token or a JWT token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log into the GSQL shell using a token, use the `-t` or `--token` option, followed by the token value. The token can either be a plain-text token or a JWT token.
```
Do not say "you can" when telling the user what they *must* do to do something properly. Use the imperative mood: "Open the door", not "You can open the door."
This is a common grammatical error that our developers make. Don't copy their mistake.
However, "can" is ok for "plain-text token or a JWT token" because there the user has a choice.

[source,gsql]
----
gsql -t <token>
----

*Types of tokens*

* *Plain-text Token:* A randomly generated string used for authentication. This is the older token format, still supported if not expired, but will eventually be deprecated.

> * *JWT Token:* A more secure and modern format for authentication. It consists of three parts: header, payload, and signature. JWT tokens are the default format for authentication starting from version 4.1.0.

Reviewer: When we refer to a third-party specification, it can be nice to include a hyperlink to their documentation. 
Eg.  `*link:https://jwt.io/[JWT Token]:*`

*Token login workflow*

> * *Login Process:* To log in using the `-t` option, simply provide a valid token with the `gsql -t <token>` command. If the token is valid, you will be authenticated and logged into the GSQL shell.

Reviewer: A full example (login into the shell, run a few commands, exit the shell) is more useful than the comparison to secrets below.

* *Error Handling:* If the token is expired or invalid, the login will fail. You will be prompted with an error message stating that the token is no longer valid.

*Consistency with `--secret` command*
This token-based authentication works similarly to the existing `--secret` command, which allows you to log into GSQL using a secret instead of a password.

.GSQL command example for secret login
[source,gsql]
----
gsql -s <secret>
----

.GSQL command example for token login
[source,gsql]
----
gsql -t <token>
----

Both methods serve as alternatives to using a username and password. The consistency between the two methods ensures a seamless user experience when switching between different authentication approaches.

> 

Reviewer: This is actually fine. There's nothing wrong with it, but it's also totally optional. It's not saying anything that users actually need to know.  I would either omit it or trim it, because users don't want to read more documentation than they need to.
